fix: identifiers are not incorrectly scoped to state (#1630)
BuilderIO/mitosis: .changeset/late-papayas-eat.md

---
'@builder.io/mitosis': patch
---

> identifiers are not incorrectly scoped to state

Reviewer: can we follow the changeset format here? what exactly got fixed, for which generators/parsers, etc.

Author: updated in https://github.com/BuilderIO/mitosis/pull/1630/commits/ed6b5f81b5879abb525f3700e377c09bc5503472

Let me know if you have other ideas for how to word this

> shadowed variables in state methods are not scoped to state in all generators

Reviewer: [All] Fix: scope renaming of state methods to not include shadow variables
[Angular]: Update `state.*` -> `this.*` transform to new AST transform approach

> shadowed variables in state methods are not scoped to state in all generators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[All] Fix: scope renaming of state methods to not include shadow variables
[Angular]: Update `state.*` -> `this.*` transform to new AST transform approach
```
